Phil: Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of...
All: Comments In Cars! (laughter)
Phil: For those of you that don't know, this is our show
where we respond to the comments that you guys leave on our videos.
It's been a while since we did our first one
but we thought we would try to catch back up.
We thought we'd respond to the comments on our BgA video!
Jun & Wes: woo! Yayy
Phil: For Dong Saya Dae
Wes: Boys Generally Asian!
Phil: We obviously had to bring in one of the members of BgA...
JunCurryAhn!
(stock children cheer sfx)
Jun: Hello!
Phil: So we're really glad that Jun's here to be on this episode.
Let's just jump right in and read some comments!
Jun: tillydancer101 says,
Wes: Wow!
Phil: Yeah? I would love for that to happen!
Wes: I was actually very surprised of how many reaction videos there were.
Jun: K-pop music video reactions are, like, its own category on YouTube, pretty much.
Phil: And so them reacting to us basically made us seem like we were a legit
K-pop video?! (laughs)
Jun: We're a legit K-pop video! People probably saw
the reaction videos and thought, like, "oh, who's this new group that I haven't seen?"
Phil: Oh my god!
Wes: I-I watched a good amount of them.
Do you think there's some actual K-pop groups that saw the video?
Jun: I'm pretty sure there are. I'm pretty sure BTS saw it, cause we're their #1 competition.
Wes: Oh-ho-ho!
Phil: (laughs)
(Clip of BTS saying "ow!")
Phil: Oh, I forgot to say! I'm wearing my BgA hat!
Phil: (laughs)
Uh, we'll--we'll get you a hat.
Wes: Chick-pop says...
Phil: I don't know, man...
Jun: I think we did make it to the K-pop charts, though, on iTunes.
Phil: Right! We did!
Jun: I think we hit #1 for a little bit, for a few seconds.
Phil: Oh my God!
Jun: We beat BTS...
Phil: Oh, man.
Jun: ...for like a good three hours.
Phil: (laughs)
Wes: The Dee asks, "who wrote these beautiful lyrics?"
Phil: The lyrics were written by Ryan and David, actually.
Obviously a lot of thought went into it.
for such poetic lines and words.
Jun: No, it's very hard to make it so random.
My favorite was, um, "we are sexy naengmyeon" (cold noodles)
Phil: Oh yes.
Jun: Rei's Waifu (chuckles) says,
Phil: Oh man!
Jun: "David Choi dance"
Phil: David Choi Dance is legendary. I don't know where it first showed up,
but we had it in the "Dance to this Song" music video, like years ago?
Wes: And even then it was a signature move.
Phil: (laughs) Right.
Jun: The truth behind it, is
we had actual choreo there, planned,
but then, by that time we were all like,
"Guys, we can't do more."
Phil: Well, let's be honest here, actually.
If you look at us behind them, we were doing like the good bit
Jun: The actual choreo
and then we were like "okay, David, Ryan, and Justin.. (Phil: uhh you just-) ..we're just gonna do the David Choi Dance"
Phil: yea you just do that
Phil: that wasn't an extension, I, I've been growing that out for two years
I didn't even know if this video was happening, I was just like "someday, this might be needed"
I've been tucking it away
Wes: Where is it now?
Phil: (laughs) it's under this hat
Phil: what, wait what is - ?
Jun: a BGA lightstick
so like, kpop fandoms, like fan groups, like they make their own, (Phil: ooohh) lightsticks
like BTS, for example, is like uhh, like a ball, like a lantern
Phil: and the BIGBANG is (Jun: the flower) the flower
Jun: yea yea yea the -
Phil: how does -
Wes: cause when I first read that comment, it just sounded kinda dirty (laughter)
Jun: what would the BGA lightstick be though? (Phil: it would be - ) oh poop!
Phil: it would be poop! it would be the poop emoji!
Jun: just the poop emoji!
Wes: that's actually pretty good
Phil: everyone's at the concert just throwing poop
Wes: a "stan" is like a fan, based off the Eminem song, Stan
Phil: (gasps) ohh is that what it is? like I thought that it was like a "stance" that someone takes
Wes: no no no it's like a mega fan
Jun: there's also other terms like "bias"
Phil: and there's also "trash" too
Jun: there's trash, trash is, they're referring to themselves, they're like "oh my gosh I'm Ryan trash"
which means like "I love Ryan so much I've become trash"
Wes: what?!
Phil: it's like "ugh" (Jun: yea like) they're, they're self-aware of how gross it is
Jun: yea
"bias" is like their favorite one, right, and there's "bias wrecker"
Phil: I learn so many things reading the comments about the culture of (Jun: kpop) current kpop, yea
I saw that you are a lot of people's bias but once in a while, I was the bias wrecker, Jun
Jun: which means they like me, but then they like Phil enough that (Phil laughs) he might become the bias
it's like it's
Phil: it's like a "might"
(ominous music)
Jun: "I, I really like this guy but this guy is making me change my mind" (Phil laughs)
and that guy that's making them change their mind is the bias wrecker
Phil: ooh the drama, the kdrama
hey instead of calling yourselves "trash" we should call you guys "recyclables"
that way it's like a positive thing
Wes: cause it's-
Phil: "lowkey"??
Jun: "lowkey" it's highkey lit
Phil: what're you -
Jun: it's fire
Phil: it was [beep] legit lit on fire
by the way, we're driving to get lunch right now, okay, so we're not just driving to drive
so every so often, there is a comment that is just so good and special that it deserves an award
Jun: the first Mega Kpop Fan-Stan Award goes to Briggie Schrunk, she said (ominous music)
some of these, I have no idea about but like part-switch version for example like I can switch parts with you for the entire song
Wes: wow
Phil: oh cause they wanna see their bias do the other stuff
Jun: yea other parts and stuff
Phil: oh my
Jun: name tag version where we dance like, like a wide-shot but then we all have our name tags on so
Phil: why?
Jun: so people can follow who's who, I don't know
Phil: (laughs) oh my god
Jun: there's eye contact version so it's like close-ups the entire time so imagine the dance practice video
(Phil: (laughs) oh my god) but just close-ups and we have to look in the camera
Phil: hey we have those shots
that person definitely deserves that award, I like how she or he started out by saying "okay"
like there was like "this was fine"